Update recursion concept documentation (#2348)
exercism/javascript: concepts/recursion/about.md

# Understanding Recursion in JavaScript

Recursion is a powerful concept in programming that involves a function calling itself.
It can be a bit tricky to grasp at first, but once you understand the fundamentals, it becomes a valuable tool in solving complex problems.
In this tutorial, we'll explore recursion in JavaScript with easy-to-understand examples.

## What is Recursion?

Recursion occurs when a function calls itself, either directly or indirectly.

> It's similar to a loop, but it involves breaking a problem down into smaller, more manageable sub-problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's similar to a loop, but it may involve breaking a problem down into smaller, more manageable sub-problems.
```

This is often the case, but not necessarily.  Or we could say that it encourages breaking a problem down into smaller …
